[DNM] nrf_cloud: unittest: Refactor existing tests and add more tests (#8898)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Updated the library so that it does not retry download on disconnect.
  * Fixed a race condition when starting the download.

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library:

  * Removed the unused :c:func:`nrf_cloud_shadow_update` function.

>   * Added unit tests for the :c:func:`nfsm_set_current_state_and_notify` function.
>   * Added unit tests for the :c:func:`nrf_cloud_uninit` function.
>   * Added unit tests for the :c:func:`nrf_cloud_connect` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added unit tests for functions :c:func:`nfsm_set_current_state_and_notify`, :c:func:`nrf_cloud_uninit`, and :c:func:`nrf_cloud_connect`.
```
Not sure whether this change is relevant for the reader. Up to you.
